fix some doc typos (#59)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/faq/coordinators.md

They collect the transaction fees. They can expect a revenue per transaction and each coordinator will select to forge the more profitable transactions from the transaction pool.

> They make benefit from these fees minus the operational costs and the bid price for the slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They profit from these fees minus the operational costs and the bid price for the slot.
```
